Manage Mail from 3rd party expanded (#1247)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/mail-flow-best-practices/manage-mail-flow-using-third-party-cloud.md

     You would only need to include the third-party service in your SPF record if your organization sends **outbound** internet email through the service (where the third-party service would be a source for email from your domain).

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > When you're configuring this scenario the "host" that you need to configure to receive emails from the third-party software is given on the **MX Record**. For example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When you're configuring this scenario, the "host" that you need to configure to receive emails from the third-party software is given on the **MX Record**. For example
```

> > ![Hubstream.mx Domain host configuration](../../../README-media/ThirdPartyHostconfig.png) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ![Hubstream.mx Domain host configuration](../../../README-media/ThirdPartyHostconfig.png). 
```

> > So for this particular domain the hostname where the O365 host should be  **hubstream-mx.mail.protection.outlook.com**. This can vary from domain to domain so please use the Configuration/Domain/<and click on domain> to check your actual record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> So for this particular domain the host name for the O365 host should be  **hubstream-mx.mail.protection.outlook.com**. This can vary from domain to domain, so please use Configuration/Domain/<and click on domain> to check your actual record.
```

> > Since the antispam service is external you'd need to create a transport rule on Exchange admin/Mail flow/Rules, so you don't do a double "antispam check and possible rejection of the messages" like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Since the anti-spam service is external, you'd need to create a transport rule on Exchange admin/Mail flow/Rules so that you don't do a double anti-spam check, resulting in possible rejection of the messages such as
```

> > ![Hubstream.mx Domain host configuration](../../../README-media/TransportRuleFor3rdParty.png) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ![Hubstream.mx Domain host configuration](../../../README-media/TransportRuleFor3rdParty.png).
```
